Grandpa, are you crazy about using my money to buy a special house?
shut up. is a family,
So almost. What's yours belongs to my home.
He finally understood. I was also forced to go to the shopping room.
Unexpectedly, there are even more unnecessary ones.
This is just a white wolf with empty hands,
You can place it on you. I am not afraid of you today.
Don't keep buying in front of me. For the sake of Xiaoyu,
I respectfully call you Shenglao, don’t leave.
Otherwise, you really can’t walk the four in front of me.
No, you're going to make trouble
I'm so annoyed. Someone's here.
Get this kid out of here
I just understood it
You are here today just to ask for Mr. Qi
My previous agreement is not over yet
Still trying to save my brother's face
Just don't be of the same mind.
I won't be able to survive today if I stay by my side